README.md, before:

# The Second Front
Classic Second Front action in one swooping blow.

## IMPORTANT
To the target of this code, just compile this code. No need to move around.

## Overview
This file contains most of my sacred offensive operands reserved for the ultimate move, which will be conducted when I finally send this repository to her.
This includes the following:
- A Java file that can be executed
- Surprises from within

## Installation

### Prerequisites
- Java Development Kit (JDK) installed on your machine.
- A text editor or Integrated Development Environment (IDE) such as IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse, or Visual Studio Code for coding.

### Steps to Install
1. **Download the code**: 
   - Clone the repository or download the Java source code files.
   
2. **Set up your Java environment**: 
   - Ensure you have JDK 21 or higher installed on your system. If not, you can download it from [Oracle's JDK download page](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk8-downloads.html).
   
3. **Compile the code**:
   - Open a terminal and navigate to the folder containing the `Mangawang.java` file.
   - Compile the file using the following command:
   ```bash
   javac Mangawang.java
   ```

4. **Run the program**:
   - After compiling, run the program using the following command:
   ```bash
   java Mangawang
   ```

   This will launch the GUI window.

## Final Notes
Command ordered the creation of this ladder at 12/24/2024.

Commit message:

Final touches for Prof. Loudel M. Manaloto, MSCS

README.md, after:

# The Second Front
Classic Second Front action in one swooping blow. Uses around 935,000 men for the main thrust and additional 250,000 men for both two flanks, totalling approx 1.4 million men, and is supported by nearly 4,800 tanks and 2,500 fighters.

## IMPORTANT
To the target of this code, just compile this code. No need to move around. You are to NOT touch the Visual Basic variant, it doesn't work and is extremely untested. Only the Java version of this code will work.

## Overview
This file contains most of my sacred offensive operands reserved for the ultimate move, which will be conducted when I finally send this repository to her.
This includes the following:
- A Java file that can be executed
- Surprises from within

## Installation

### Prerequisites
- Java Development Kit (JDK) installed on your machine.
- A text editor or Integrated Development Environment (IDE) such as IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse, or Visual Studio Code for coding.

### Steps to Install
1. **Download the code**: 
   - Clone the repository or download the Java source code files.
   
2. **Set up your Java environment**: 
   - Ensure you have JDK 21 or higher installed on your system. If not, you can download it from [Oracle's JDK download page](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk8-downloads.html).
   
3. **Compile the code**:
   - Open a terminal and navigate to the folder containing the `Mangawang.java` file.
   - Compile the file using the following command:
   ```bash
   javac Mangawang.java
   ```

4. **Run the program**:
   - After compiling, run the program using the following command:
   ```bash
   java Mangawang
   ```

   This will launch the GUI window.

## Goodluck!
Dear Dr. Mangawang,

I hope you enjoy my creation. I crafted this specially for youu (^^)

Sincerely,
Adriaan M. Dimate
Student, BSCS2-A
202310449@gordoncollege.edu.ph

Checked by:
Prof. Loudel M. Manaloto, MSCS
Program Coordinator, BSCS
manaloto.loudel@gordoncollege.edu.ph
